_NEW Animating                The OCB in animating will be used only when you use an ACTION trigger to move animating.
In this circustance the OCB value will be used as speed for movement of animating.
About the value to type you should remember that 1 sector are 1024 units, and the value you'll type will be added 30 times for second to current coordinate.
For example if you type like speed the value 40 the animating will be moved of 1200 units (40 x 30 fps) for second, and this distance is a bit bigger than one sector.
Remark: If you let 0 in OCB of animating the default speed used by "move animating" trigger will be of 30 units.


_NEW Boats                    Boats, rubber boat or motorboat, accetp the same type of OCB:

You can use of following values or a sum of them to enable in same moment different features:

1 = Show lights in front of boat

+2 = The boat will be not able to enable heavy trigger

+4 = The boat will be not able to enable lara trigger

Remark. For "Lara" trigger I mean the trigger may be activated by lara.

About the value 2 and 4, you could use this limitation to create interesting situations in game: for example you can cover the bottom of a water room with trigger flipeffet:

Lara. Kill Lara in <&>way -> Default death (vitality=0

Using a common "trigger" as trigger type.

Then you set in motor boat the value
4 (the boat will be not able to enable "Lara" trigger)

More, it's better if you give to that water a dangerous look (like it was lava for example)
Now in game Lara will be killed if she enter directly in that dangerous water, but if she across the water using motorboat she'll surviv
_NEW Bridges                  From 1.2.2.4 version of TRNG dll are available the following OCBs for all BRIDGE objects.

Tilt Grade (0 / 63)
-------------------
The tilt grade is the level of slope for current bridge.
It is the number of click about the difference between the two opposite sides in the direction of the slope.
For example: 0 = flat (no slope), 1 = one click between the opposite sides, 4 = one sector (4 clicks) between the two sides, ect.

Note: the Tilt Grade works only for the BRIDGE_CUSTOM object, while for other BRIDGE objects the tile factor is implicite in their name: BRIDGE_FLAT = Tilt0, BRIDGE_TILT2 = Tilt2

Enable Hanging (64)
-------------------
The ability of Lara to hang over edges of the borders of the fragmented trigger zones is not good. She will be frozen and in some dynamic action she will be throwed over the footbridge with a rough movement.
To avoid all these problems the hanging features have been disabled for all bridge objects.
Anyway if you wish enable newly
_NEW Fish Emitter             Remark: you can compute the ocb value for this object using the OCB Calculator you find in Tools2 panel of NG_Center program. Using that tool is very easy compute the correct OCB value.

Number of Fish
--------------
The main value to set in OCB field is the number of fish.
You can type a number between 1 and 127.
Try don't exagerate about the number of fish. Remember that the max number of fish for whole level is 128 and in this quantity there will be also the little beetles you mean use, since the fish are a trng news builded using some resources of little beetles particles.
You can fill a wide water zone with only 16 or 32 fish, in particular way when you use individual fish instead of a fish shoal.

Remarks:

* If you let 0 in OCB field the trng engine will use the setting for 8 fish in a shoal that will try to attack Lara.

* The fish differenlty by locusts or beetles are able to recognize the box sectors.
With box sectors you can forbid the access to some zon
_NEW Guardian                 The OCB of Guardian (Laser Head) will be used to reduce the count-down before the guaridan pointed Lara beginning his attacks.
If you let 0 in OCB the guardian will require about 3 seconds before attack lara for first time.
While if you set a number like 150, the guardian will attack lara immed


_NEW Hydra                    OCB 1 or OCB 2
--------------
If you place 1 or 2 in OCB of Hydra you'll work with a pair (a couple) of  Hydra objects.
In this situation you should place both hydra in same sector, setting in first object the OCB = 1, while in other object set OCB = 2.
In game the two Hydra will be (a bit) moved, to stay on two opposite corners of same side.
Another feature of hydra's couple is that both hydras will be inclinated a bit in opposite way to create a sort of "V" letter.

Remarks:

* When you work with couple of Hydras you cann't chose the facing, since the engine will force the starting facing to South (in ngle view).

* If you omit 2 and 1 in OCB, the Hydra will work like single object and it will keep the facing and position set in the project.

OCBs for Missile type
---------------------
The Missile should be the energize ball shot by Hydra to hit Lara.

You can choose only a single of following values, and then you'll add it to (further) "1" or "2" for couple
_NEW Jeep                     Setting "1" in OCB field of the jeep you can enable a beam light for the jeep.
This light works like that of the sidecar, anyway the light cone mesh you see in sidecar is missing on the jeep.
If you wish add this mesh in the jeep you can have the showing/hiding of the new mesh (it has to be the mesh with index = 18) perfmored by trng engine when the light is on or off.
Remark: if you add this new mesh remember to set it like "invisible" at start.
See the sidecar object with Animation Editor to understand better how performing this job.


_NEW Kayak                    OCB 1 = Add a mist wake
-----------------------
Unfortunately the two wakes you saw in Tomb3 game are not available in this trng version of the kayak.
The reason is very technical: the method used in tomb3 to create those two stripes, used some features not available in tomb4 engine.
Anyway you can add a little white mist under the kayak adding the value 1 in the OCB field.

OCB 2 = Accept an Animation to go on board whereby a jump
---------------------------------------------------------
By default, using the original code from Tomb Raider 3 adventure, Lara was able to go on board only from floating (on water) position.
The missing of other methods to go on board is a problem because when the kayak is in low water lara will be not able to use newly the kayak and for this reason it will be forbidden to go off (when it is in low water) to avoid the risk to "lose" our kayak forever.
The Mudubu tr3 level had been build to have always depth waters or other tricks to forbid
_NEW KeyPad                   Remark: you can compute the ocb value for this object using the OCB Calculator you find in Tools2 panel of NG_Center program. Using that tool is very easy compute the correct OCB value.

If you use the object stored in SWITCH_TYPE1 slot of ng.wad you'll be able to have a working Key Pad for your levels.

With keypad you can create door requiring password (keycode) or control with custom trigger for the elevators present in your level.
The keypad work fine in SWITCH_TYPE1 slot but probably it should work also in Switch_type 2 and 3.

In OCB window of switch_type object you have to set a combination of following OCB to do work it like a keypad:

0-9999 = Keycode. This is the number (secret code) that Lara will have to type to activate the switch.

10001 - 10010 =  If you set as key code number a value in the range of 10001- 10010 this means it's required a single key (like for elevator). In this case, the number of ocb describes the max number that user will be able to t
_NEW ParallelBars             The parallel bar is a new object imported from Tomb Raider Chronicles.
The ocb value set the power for final jump.
If you set 0, lara performs a very short jump, while with 200 she jumps about to 2 sectors of distance.
I presume that 100 = one sector, but it's only a supposition because the formula changes the horizzontal and vertical speed for jump in a complicated way and only these speeds affect the covered distance for final jump.

Remarks:
* Looking the code, apparently the compute of jump power changes in according with orienting (facing) of Parallel bar object respect to lara. I.e. if lara comes from a direction the ocb value will be used in a way, while if lara comes from opposite direction, the ocb value will be computed in other way. This means you can change the power of jump also inverting the facing of parallel bar, rotating it by 180 degrees.
I've not had time to perform many analysis about this supposition but the original chronicles code seems to work in t
_NEW Pushable Object          Remark: you can compute the ocb value for this object using the OCB Calculator you find in Tools2 panel of NG_Center program. Using that tool is very easy compute the correct OCB value.

You can get all pushable objects treadable and climbable just set correct value in OCB field in the Object window of object. (Key 'O' in NGLE while the object is selected)

0-31 = height of object collision. 1 click = 1 unit, so to set a pushable height 1 sector (4 clicks) you have to type 4
You can create pushable height upto 7 sectors in this way.

Then you can add one or more of following values to set corresponding feature:

32 = The pushable obejcts with value 32 could be throwed in the empty.
Usage of this features requires some attention:
For technical reason the engine requires to rotate (in immediate way) the facing of pushable to have always correct orienting (facing) of pushable in according with moving direction.

You'll have no problems if your pushable has same texture
_NEW RollingBall              Now you can set in OCB field of Rollingball one or more (adding them) of following values:

1 = Silent mode.
Disable sound and earthquake. It is useful to use trick of hidden rollingball to enable more special triggers in sequence, avoiding sound and moving view.

2 = Kill Enemies.
Rollingball will kill all creatures it touches while it is moving.

4 = Active with pushing.
Adding the value 4 the rolling will be activated when lara pushes it.
In this situation it's not necessary place any trigger for rollingball.
With ocb 4 you can place rolling ball also on flat sector (non-sloped sector) just there are slopes on bounding sectors.
In this way lara will be able to choice the direction where move it.

Remark: this ocb requires the Lara's animation
number 316 in your wad. Not all standard wads have this animation, anyway you may find it in catacomb.wad
If animation 316 is missing in your wad it will happen nothing when lara hits Action closed to rollingball.





_NEW SideCar                  By default the sidecar has always a beam light when is working.
You can disable the beam light typing "1" in OCB field of SideCar object.


_NEW Static Objects           From TRNG version 1.1.8.7 you can set in each static object some OCB codes to set following features:

4  = Disable collision. Lara could pass across the static

8  = Set Glass Transparence. The static will have a glass transparency effect

16 = Set Ice Transparence. The static will have a light transparence, like the ice

32 = Damage Lara on physical contact. The static injures lara if she touches it. The damage removes 10 hp to lara (full vitality= 1000) anyway you can change this value using CUST_SET_STATIC_DAMAGE in Customize script command.
Remark: remember that this damage will be continuosly applied while lara is touching the static, this means that also a little damage could kill lara in short time.

64 = Burns Lara on physical contact. Lara will be burned anyway she will have yet some time to search water to save her.

128 = Explode killing Lara on physical contact. With this ocb you can transform this static in a sort of mine.
Remark: if you use this ocb c
_NEW SubMarine                The OCB with value less than 4096 (0 / 4095) for indicate the time durate of pause between a shooting (of missile) and the following.
The value is in tick frames, where one second = 30 tick frames.
If you let 0 in ocb, the engine will force the value 120 (4 seconds) in OCB.

Remark: it's not advisable type a number little than 3 seconds (ocb = 90) because, when this time has been completed the previous torpedo will be destroyed and another it will be launched. For this reason if you use a too short time, the missile will be not able to hit Lara, at least she was very closed to sub-marine.

Other OCB value to add to shooting time:

4096 = It allows to submarine to shoot its missile also out of water room.
By default the missile explodes on water surface avoiding it can go off from water room.

8192 = Disables the bubbles from the back of sub-marine.




_NEW Switch 1/2/3             New trng ocb values
-------------------
From 1.2.2.3 version, you can type in Switch1/2/3 objects an animation number. This animation will be performed when lara is engaging the switch.
The correct range for animation number is: 4 / 4095

When you use this  custom trng animation feature, you can also add one or following flags to animation number:

8192 (Flip/Flop switch)
------------------------
When you add 8192 to the animation number, you enable the flip/flop (or on/off) feature, where lara will be able to active/disactive more times the switch.
In this situation you have to create two custom animations in two closed animation slots and then type the number of first animation.
For example if your custom animation to engage (first time) the switch is the number 386, you should type 8192 + 386 as OCB, and you should create also the inverse animation (for the antitriggering of the switch) to place in animation slot number 387, i.e. the following to 386.

Remark: n
_NEW Teeth_Spikes             Really the ocb to set in TEETH_SPIKES are the same of old engine, anyway if you want enable teeth_spikes type tomb raider 1 where Lara is able to across if she moves slowly, you have to insert the OCB = 20.
Ocb 20 means: spikes point to north and static spikes

Then you have to add this line in your script.txt file in [Level] section:

Enemy= TEETH_SPIKES, IGNORE, IGNORE, IGNORE, EXTRA_TEETH_NO_DAMAGE_ON_WALKING

The EXTRA_TEETH_NO_DAMAGE_ON_WALKING flag means: the teeth spikes will work like TR1 spikes.



_NEW Tight-Rope               With ocb values you can set the difficulty for lara to pass the tight-rope.

OCB 0
-----
Set Default mode.
With value 0 it works in same way of TR Chronicles.
In this mode the player has to set the direction opposite to further unbalance of Lara. For example, when lara is falling to right the player has to hit Left command and vice-versa

OCB 1
-----
Set Hard mode.
With value 1 lara could fall if player hits right or left command while lara was in perfect equilibre (while with ocb 0, in default mode, the game engines ignored the futile direction commands)
In Hard mode the player has to set more fastly the correct command and the random unbalance could happen more often.

OCB 2
-----
Set Very Hard Mode.
It works like "Hard Mode" but in this case the rensponse time required to correct the unbalance of lara has to be more rapid than "hard mode".

OCB 3
-----
Set Impossible Mode.
With this ocb lara will always fall down.
The only reason to use this ocb is when
_NEW WaterfallMist            Remark: you can compute the ocb value for this object using the OCB Calculator you find in Tools2 panel of NG_Center program. Using that tool is very easy compute the correct OCB value.

By default the WATERFALLMIST emitter doesn't accept OCB values but in TRNG engine you can add some ocb to set different features for mist emitting.

Remarks:

* If you let "0" in OCB field you'll use the old default mist emitter.
* Please, don't confuse the waterfallMIST with the WATERFALL1/2 objects. The emitter is a red cone in the ngle, while the waterfall1/2 are effective objects with a scrolling texture applied on them.

The formula to compute the value to type in OCB field is a bit complicated since there are different values to sum in this way:

(NumberOfBalls-1) + EmitMode * 4 + (SizeBall-1) * 16 + (EmitDurate-1) * 256 + ColorIndex * 4096 + CenterSquare

To understand the meaning of above values read following descriptions:

NumberOfBalls value (Default=4)
---------------
AI_FOLLOW                     If you put two or more AI_FOLLOW (other that is below the moveable) you must set same OCB value for start AI_FOLLOW and next AI_FOLLOW.
Differently the following AI_FOLLOW objects will increase the ocb value of 1.
For example:

First AI_FOLLOW  = OCB 1 (below the moveable you want move)
Second AI_FOLLOW = OCB 1 (where moveable will go)
Third AI_FOLLOW = OCB 2 (further target)
Fourth AI_FOLLOW  = OCB 3 (ect)

Remark:
AI_FOLLOWs used for move enemy jeep should start from value -2 and follow above rule.



Amber light                   1 = Enable an earthquake effect and it plays sound effects BOULDER_FALL and EXPLOSION2_VOLWAS80

2 = Plays sound effect MAPPER_PYRAMID_OPEN and, if this object is in an outside room, it enables a volumetric explosion effect.

Remark: This object could be affected by Pulse= script command.
If in current level there is a Pulse=ENABLED command, the amber light will be never enabled, with the only exception if the flipmap 4 is currently enabled.




Animated objects              666 = to stop animation when lara goes out of triggering square


Baddy 1                       Baddy 2
1 = Roll Right. He rolls about a block so this is good for triggering as Lara comes up to a doorway
2 = Jump Left. As above
3 = Ducked
4 = Climb up 4 clicks. Make sure the origin of the baddy is 4 clicks below the block he's about to enter
10 += To give to baddy unlimited ammo

You can set a sequence of baddyes (type 1) adding number 1000 for first baddy, 2000 for second ect.
In this way the second baddy will be activacted only when first baddy will be killed.

1000 += set as first baddy
2000 += set as second baddy
ect.

Same method could be used for baddy 2 but in this case you should use multiple of 100:
100 += set as first baddy 2
200 += set as second baddy 2
300 += set as third baddy 2

Remark: if you want create two different enemy sequences in same level you must create an "hole" value bigger than 1000 (or 100 for baddy_2)
For example:
We say you want then baddy 1 (that we named it "Bob") had other two enemies that will appears when he will b
Blinking Light                Apparently the ocb value is a simple countdown before starting of the light.
If you type a very big number the light will require more time to become visible after its triggering.



Chain                         1 = to hurt lara


Clockwork Beetle              Insert 4 in both clockwork beetle combos (mechanical scarab and key)



Dog                           0 = normal (it will become visible only after triggering)
1 = Dog immediatly visible on ground (standing down) and it will move when triggered


Door Type 1                   If door is a double door you must set:

In left door the value 269
In right door the value 276

(From example in tut1 level)


Door type 2                   Enter all 1-5 buttons to make door opened at start.

Remark: setting al five buttons the further following sequence for door with trigger and antitrigger could don't work properly.
If you mean use antitrigger/trigger sequence for door it's better don't hit all buttons but let them unpressed and trigger normally the door using a hidden trigger where lara will step over before reaching the door.


Door type 3                   1 = Prevents door opening. Used in conjunction with cog switch to have the door opening slowly while lara pull the cog.
2= To open with a crowbar


EarthQuake                    Remark: Earth quake is nullmesh object placed and triggered to create earthquake effects ­ rumbling and shaking.

333 = for 16 seconds (sound but not shaking)
888 = for a 5 second quake and sound




Emitters                      It often pressing all five Buttons you get the object immediatly visibile without need of triggering


Enemy Jeep                    To handle the enemy jeep you must use AI_FOLLOW objects. (See ocb for AI_FOLLOW objects in this table)
To stop the enemy jeep you must use a FlipEffect = 30

Remark:
In level "Desert RailRoad" of The Last Revelation enemy jeeps had following OCB values:
0 (zero)
101
102
103
104




Falling blocks                Any value different than 0 =  don't collapse when you stand on them but only when they will be triggered




Flame Emitter 1               Flame emitter 1 may burn and kill Lara.

-2 or -7: it shots continuosly the flames in horizontal, following the direction of the cone. Apparently these two ocb values have the same result.

{Negative numbers different than -2 or -7}: it shots in horizontal the flames, but, differently by -2 or -7 ocb, in this case there is a time intervals betwen a shoting and the following shoting. The different negative values have the only usage to have different ejection time when you place many flame emitter and enable them in same time. For example if you type the same negative OCB in two flame emitter, like the number -5, and you enable them in same time, they will emit the horizontal flame in same time. While if you place two different negative ocb, like -5 and -8, the two emitter, in spite to be enable in same time, they will have a different timing about shoting flame and pause time.

{Positive numbers} = Apparently the positive OCB values have no effect on shape of flames, anyway
Flame Emitter 2               Note: The flame emitter 2 will not cause death of Lara

2 = to make the flame move along in the direction the cone is pointing.
Remark: this "moving" is not simply the direction of the flames, but the fire moves really its position in the room upto a disappear behind some wall of the room. To avoid to have a resource like a fire continuously enabled it's advisable set the direction of fire to move it upto a water room. When this fire reaches a water room it will disappear with a volumetric effect.

123 = Fire with standard size, i.e. the same size of flame emitter 1

{Positive numbers different than 2 and 123}: the ocb gives the height  of flames. Bigger are the ocb values and littler will be the flames. For this reason an ocb 1 will have a flame bigger than ocb = 50.

{Negative numbers} = Curiosly, the negative OCB numbers enable the flipmap corresponding to negative number of the ocb. For example if you set -1, the flimap 1 will be enabled. In this situation no fire wi
Flame Emitter 3               0 =  it is the flame used on the special "oil" water in the palace levels. Will cause death
Numbers different than 0 =  it will change the flame into the blue "lightning" as in the Karnak level.
2 or 4 = Inverts facing by 180 degrees
Numbers >= 3  the lightning tries to hit (in progressive, endless way) the Animating3 items present in the level that having the same ocb value typed in emitter3 ocb and another animating3 with ocb=0.

For example if you place an animating3 and you want have it will be used like target of lighning you have to type in its OCB the same value you typed in emitter 3. For example type 5 in emitter3 OCB and type 5 also in Animating3 OCB.

You should place always also another Animating3 with ocb = 0 because this ocb generate a double lightning.

Ocb 888, 889, 890
-----------------
These OCBs have been added from 1.2.2.4 version of trng dll.
You can use these ocb to hit lara with a blue lightning.
The difference is for the injury for lara:

88
Flyby Camera                  0 = Snap to start of sequence from Lara cam
1 = Not used
2 = Loop for infinity
3 = Track Lara cam
4 = Target Lara's last position before camera trigger
5 = Target Lara's current moving position
6 = Snap back to Lara at end of sequence
7 = Cut-Cam, Jumps to a specified camera in the same sequence (Timer = cam number to jump to)
8 = Hold camera (timer = 30 X Number of seconds)
9 = Disale look key break out.
10 = Disable Lara control
11 = Enable Lara control
12 = Not used
13 = Not used
14 = Activate heavy trigger
15 = Not used


Guide                         Remark: The Guide must be used with the "Follow AI" or he will run around in circles.

BB 1 = Light Torch
BB 2 =  Activate Trap (as belove)
BB 3 + BB 5 = Read Inscription (put a heavy trigger under the AI point if you want something to happen when he reads it)
BB 4 =  Light Petrol (as above)
BB 5 = Grab Torch

All Bit Buttons... Make him disappear

Remark:
In level "Valley Of The Kings" of The Last Revelation guide had values:
9000
13000



Hammer                        1 = normal hammer ( hammer smashes, chain lifted then smashes again, and so on... )
2 = Hammer smashes while lara stays on the trigger, when she steps of, the hammer will remain in his position, so if it was lifted up it will just stop and stay that way. makes explosive sound when smashes
3 = same as above but when lara gets of the trigger it first gets lifted to the ceiling and then it stops.



Helicopter (flying)           Flying helicopter has internal name "Animation 1" and you find it in "Desert Railroad" of The Last Revelation.
To do fly it you must set ocb = 666 and use AI_FOLLOW is same way of Enemy Jeep (see AI_FOLLOW and Enemy jeep descriptions)


Helicopter (Mine)             "Mine" helicopter is the "static" half (only a side of meshs are visible) helicopter you find in Death City. Lara will can destroy it shotting.

Enter 1 in OCB of the helicopter. To make it explode, use SHATTER3 and set it up as per room 73. The fuel can does not sit directly on the trigger ­ it won't activate the heavy trigger if it does.

Enter 0 in OCB of the helicoter if you want use only "mined field"
With OCB = 0 the helicopter will be invisible and at its placement it will be created a mine field of 6 x 6 sectors. If lara walks over the mine field she will explode and die.
Remark: the mined field is not correctly aligned with secotor bounding.
Praticall it has a size of full 5 x 5 sectors zone + a border of 1/2 sector of width.


Horseman                      Horse
If you want have two or more couples of horseman-horse you must set for each couple the same OCB value.
For example:

Horseman1 = OCB 1
Horseman2 = OCB 2
Horse1 = OCB 1
Horse2 = OCB 2



Jump Switch                   Set 1 as ocb if you want have a reability of lever after 'timer' seconds.
For example if you in switch trigger insert in timer field the value 12 and put '1' in ocb of jump switch the trigger (for example for a door) will be activated for 12 seconds, then this time, the door will be closed and the lever will go up newly.
Remark: not all 'jump switches' have reability function, you should use jump switch you find in guard.wad file.



Lightning conductor           0 = No damage
1 = It can burn Lara
2 = The engine looks for ANIMATING8 item. If it is present the Lightning conductor will use as target the ANIMATING8 item
The ocb 2 cause also a particular compute when the lightning conductor is in flipmap 1 and the flipmap has been enabled. It will be used the sound effect ELEC_ARCING_LOOP



Little Beetles                0 - 128 = Total number of scarab you want
1000 += Scarab appear from the floor
2000 += Scarab appear from the ceiling
4000 += Scarab slow release followed by a gush

Remarks:
- To clear all active scarabs, use a Flipeffect trigger with a value of 31.
- The beetle swarm was used in conjunction with either PUZZLE_ITEM12 or PICKUP_ITEM1, both of which are scarabs that attach to the wall and require a crowbar to pick off. The swarm of beetles sometimes shoots out of the "hole" behind the wall scarab. A special texture tile is used to create the illusion that they come from the hole in the wall. To do this you simply designate the trigger for PUZZLE_ITEM12 or PICKUP_ITEM1 as a key trigger (and type in an OCB setting of 2 to position it on the wall in-game), then trigger the LITTLE_BEETLE to the same square. (Raise LITTLE_BEETLE up to the height of the "hole") Make sure you have the correct settings in the OCB menu for the LITTLE_BEETLE and that you have left a crowbar somewhere
Locust Emitter                It can be deathable if you enter a high enough value in the OCB data field...somewhere around 96 is the limit.
OCB code defines the number of locusts.
OCB values used in the last revelation were: 12, 20 and 25

Remark:
Locust swarm can set heavy triggers in motorbike path or release a swarm from a shatter object.


Mummy                         2 = Visible on ground, it will be activated after trigger and when lara goes near to it



Music Scroll's                -422 = Lara will place the scroll on the "puzzle hole 2" and play the Lyre(you have to put the Lyre to the left of the puzzle hole)
Remark: you must set -422 value also in puzzle hole 2 object.


Pickups Items                 0 = the object is on the floor (pickup in an old stylee)
1 = the object is `hidden' (Lara plays a stick hand in wall type animation)
2 = the object is attached to a wall (Lara has to use the crowbar)
3 = the object is on a high pedestal
4 = the object is on a low pedestal
64 +=  Add 64 to any of the above if you want the item activates a pickup trigger.
128 = Set unlimited ammo, it works for all ammos execpt UZI
256 = Set pickup for mirror puzzle, see Coastal with crossbow.


Pulley                        OCB set when times lara will pull the rope to trigger somewhat.

Example:

1 = Just pull one time to trigger ..
2 = it needs pull two times to trigger
ect.


Puzzle Holes                  999 =  turns off `collision' from the `puzzle done' object.
Without it, an `invisible' door would prevent Lara from go through.



Raising Block 1               1 = to activate rumble effect

Enter 1-5 in OCB to elevate.


Raising block 2               Enter "2" in OCB to lower the block
Press all five BB buttons in OCB to lower.


Scorpion                      Old OCBs
--------
The standard OCBs for scorpion are not very useful because they should work linked with a internal cutscene.
Placing a value in the range 1/6 the scorpion looks for a TROOP baddy with OCB = 1.  If it finds the Troop, its AI will be disabled and it could be manipulated with custom animations to simulate the fighting with the scorpion.

OCB 33 (Attack only Lara)
-------------------------
A new OCB has been added to force the scorpion to attack Lara (and only Lara).
By default, in fact, the scorpion tried to attack all baddies it finds, and only after killed them, it will attack Lara.
Typing 33 as ocb in the Scorpion it will attack only Lara ignoring other baddies.



Sentry Gun                    Enter 1 in OCB to jam the gun, no entry and the gun fires at Lara as long as she is "in range". Place a SMOKE_EMMITER_BLACK on the same square for added effect (no trigger necessary).


Seth Blade                    Enter negative number on OCB to delay triggering. Adding increments of 10 will delay by one second for each 10 units.


Skeleton                      Remark:
- You can change the initial animations by setting the trigger flags as listed below. If you don't set trigger flags the skeleton will come up out of the ground as normal. When placed, he is 20 clicks below the floor elevation.
- Put an AI_GUARD object on the skeleton to put him on guard.

1 = Jump Right. He jumps about a block
2 = Jump Left. As above
3 = Playing dead. This skeleton is visible (lying down) before being triggered and only gets up when triggered




Smashable Bike Wall           Press buttons 1 through 5 in OCB to activate.


Sphinx (Like a bull)          1 = to get immediate attack vs Lara


Steam Emitter                 888 =  to make steam escape sideways in the direction of the cone.

Note: Will cause death



Switch type 7                 Switch type 7 are shatterable switch (action will be triggered when lara shot them)
In ocb window press all buttons 1 through 5 in OCB.


Teeth Spikes                  Remark: Vertical in Room Edit above view Horizontal

0 = Pointing south
1 = Pointing south west
2 = Pointing west
3 = Pointing north west
4 = Pointing north
5 = Pointing north east
6 = Pointing east
7 = Pointing south east
8 = Pointing south
9 = Pointing south west
10 = Pointing west
11 = Pointing north west
12 = Pointing north
13 = Pointing north east
14 = Pointing east
15 = Pointing south east
16 +=  You can also add a value of 16 to the above to make the spikes stick out constantly (like the old TR spikes)
32 += Adding 32 to the above will force the spikes out once and then retract forever.

Remark: if you want use Teeth Spikes in conjunction with Mapper or ClockWork Beetle you must set OCB 4 (pointing north)



Trapdoor 1                    Enter 1-5 to make door open then close.

Note: Set trigger timer to amount of seconds for door to be open


Troop                         1 = Start troop with animation 27, while with other OCBs begins with animation 12



TwoBlock Platform             0 - 15 = Movement speed
16 * X +=  where X is number of clicks for elevation.

Set trigger type to "Dummy".


Wall Scarab                   2 = Placed on walls.

Remark:  Often used with the scarab beetle swarm and also can be part of 4 large beetles needed for the Pyramid Puzzle in Cleopatra's Palaces. Don't forget about placing the crowbar!


Waterfalls                    Enter 668 to can antitrigger it. (You must also set [Invisible] button to get trigger/antitrigger for waterfall)

Other valid value is "2" used to get slow down the start effect. It has been used in level "The Tomb of Semerkhet" to simulate the yellow laser ray.
Also value  777 is used in the last revelation.


White Light                   The ocb is a color in compact format, where each gradient (red, green, blue) has only 5 bits.
The first 5 bits (with lower value) are the red, then it comes the geen, and at end with higher values the blue.

Some example:

31  = Full red
992 = Full green
31744 = Full Blue

The adding some of above values (or using others with less intensity) you can get other colors.
For example:

31 + 992 = (red + green) = 1023 = yellow




Wraith 2                      2 = it dies on contact with water


