Syntax: Elevator=ElevatorIndex, ClickFloorDistance, NumberOfFloors, Elevator flags (EF_...), FirstDoorIndex, InnerKeyPadIndex, Speed, Frame items array
Scope: To use in [Level] section.
Max number of instances for level section: 20

Arguments:

ElevatorIndex= Index you see in NGLE in yellow box when you click over elevator item

ClickFloorDistance = Number of click for height of each floor. For example if there are three blocks between each floor you'll type in this field "12", since each block is 4 clicks.

NumberOfFloors = Easy, the number of floor of this elevator. For example is you type 3 it means your elevator will move in in 3 different positions (floors)

ElevatorFlags
You find all elevator flags in reference panel of NG_Center program.
You can place one or more flags using the "+" sign or type directly the sum of rispective values.
However remember that some flags are uncompatible to use in same moment, like Multi-doors and single-door flags.

Currently there are following flags:

EF_MULTI_DOORS  ($0001)
If you want that trng engine handle for you all doors in front any floor you can set this flag and then set in IndexFirstDoor the index of door at first floor.
The management of game engine is very simple: when elevator reach a floor the door of that floor will be opened.
When elevator leaves a floor the door in that floor will be closed.
If you use this multi-doors handling is important you place all doors in your project exaclty at same vertical distance you set in ClickFloorDistance field. It's important, because is you place some door to different distance that door will be not found by trng engine and you'll have troubles.
Pratically just you place each door at same height where the elevator will stop it, floor for floor.

EF_SINGLE_DOOR  ($0002)
If you use single door mode you cann't set also flag multi-door.
In single door mode the elevator has a single door linked with elevator cage.
This door will be moved up and down in according with elevator movement.
When elevator reach a flor the door will be opened, when elevator starts from a floor the door will be closed.
If you set this flag you have to type in FirstDoorIndex field the index for the door you placed near to elevator.
Remark: you can use also a "fake" door you find in slot Animating2 in ng2.wad
This animating will be moved, sliding it horizzontally, like a door by trng engine if you use single-door mode and you set its index in FirstDoorIndex field.
There is a reason to use a fake door like this: when you use a real door,in fact, in some circustances (it depends by door type and by position of door respect to rooms linking) the engine will add an invisible sector collision in front of the door when it's closed. Since it's boring in many situations you can use the fake animating door to avoid this problem.

EF_INNER_KEYPAD ($0004)
If you want insert the keypad to choose flor inside the elevator you must set this flag and (in ngle) to place the keypad oriented on wished elevator wall. Then you'll type the index of keypad in InnerKeyPadIndex field.
Remember to use the "fake" keypad you find in Animating16_mip of ng.wad or ng2.wad and not the real keypad in switch_type1.
The reason of this choice is given by a technical problem: the switch_type requires a switch trigger to work, but you elevator floor you have to place also dummy triggers and for this reason it's not possbile place both special trigger in some sectors.
For this reason the management of "fake" keypad (of Animating16_mip) will be performed in hardcoded mode by engine.
Apparentrly the keypad will work in same way of switch_type1 but with no need of special trigger to handle it.

EF_MODE_YO_YO ($0008)
Yo yo mode is a bit curious: elevator will move endless up and down, without any stop at floors.
Using this mode you cann't use doors, since there is no time to open and close them. 
Lara will have to jump at fly in elevator.
An interesting application of yo-yo mode is to give to elevators also the role of trap, since if lara will be touched by elevator she will be killed (if she is under elevator moving down, or over elevator when elevator moves up and above lara there is the ceiling) or "disturbed" if she is climbing the wall when elevator touch her (lara will be untouched by wall)
Remarks:
1) You cann't mix yo yo mode and stop and go mode.
2) If you set elevator for yo you mode the number of floor will be always two (2) and the distance between floor will be the height of whole movement that elevator will cover before inverting direction.

EF_MODE_STOP_AND_GO ($0010)
Stop and go mode is similar to yo yo mode, but in this case the elevator stop and stay for some second (2 for elevator door less, 3 seconds for elevator with doors) in each floor.
Differently by yo yo mode, using stop and go mode you can place the doors (multi or single) and you can set a various number of floors.
Also stop and go mode may heart lara (like all elevators)

EF_NONE (0)
If you don't want set any flag you can type EF_NONE or the value corresponing: 0 (zero)

FirstDoorIndex= Index of first door (that at first floor). You place in this field the index for single door or multidoor.

InnerKeyPadIndex = Index of keypad you inserted in elevator. Remember also to set the EF_INNER_KEYPAD flag when you want have an inner keypad

Speed=Set the speed of movement for elevator. If you type IGNORE in this field the default speed is 20.
About speed remember that this units is 1/1024 of sector. I.e. : 1024 = 1 sector, 256 = 1 click.
Each second will be changed the pos
ition for 30 times, so it's better don't exagerate in speed value. The max value suggested is 50, if you pass over this value you could have troubles in collision computes when elevator hits lara.
 

Frame Items array
After speed field starts an optional list of item indices.
It's optional, so you can also don't type anything after Speed field.
Anyway the frame array is useful for many targets.
All items you type in this array will moved up and down in according with elevator movement, giving the idea to be linked with elevator cage.
For example you can create a chain to place over the ceiling of elevator to get more realistic the movement of elevator.
In ng2.wad you find animating5 that it's used in samples for yo-yo and stop and go elevators.
You can place different instances of this chain to cover all height of elevator moving and then type all indices of chains in elevator script command. In this way when elevator will be moved in game, also the chain will be moved.

Another usage of frame array is to place invisible collision panels around elevator.
You can find collision panel in Animating1 of ng2.wad (1x2 sectors) and Animating1_mip (1x1 sector to use when you set a little door for elevator cage)
You need to use collision panels only if you want place elevator in outdoor, i.e. without room walls around it.
If you place the elevator at center of big environment it's necessary you place collision panels, otherwise lara will be able to go through elevator walls of cage.
In yo-you and stop and go samples you can see like collision panel were used.
Just you place over each elevator wall the collision panel.
You should cover all walls except where is the door of elevator cage, then you type all indices of this collision panel in frame array, and the collision will be moved up ad down getting elevator cage a real closed box.
You can place about 23 frame indices in frame array but for collision panels just a maxminum of 8 items.

Remarks:
1) When you place elevator and other items for elevator (keypad, single door, chain, collision panel ect) in your project, the elevator must be at first floor.
If you want in game to have elevator in another floor you can use the elevator flipeffect to move it in wished floor but it's necessary that the elevator was always at first floor in project phase.

2) The max number of floor is 10. When you use 10 floor the 10th floor will be chosen with keypad typing the value "0"  

3) You can have until 20 elevators for level, working with different modes in according with different Elevator script commands


