Syntax: MirrorEffect= InFrontRoom, HiddenRoom, MirrorType (MIR_), Animating array + FMIR_ flags

Scope: To use in [Level] section
Max number of instances for level section: 100

MirrorEffect replaces old Mirror= command.
Really the old Mirror script command is yet working but you can't use new mirror type with old Mirror command.

Arguments:

InFrontRoom field
-----------------
The room number in front of mirror. This is a real room where Lara will be able to enter and move her.

HiddenRoom field
----------------
The room number place behing the mirror, where lara cann't enter.

MirrorType field
----------------
Specify a MIR_... value to set the mirror type.
You can see the list of MIR_ values in reference panel of NG center program.
Currently you can use following values:
MIR_WEST_WALL
West wall is pratically the setting used for old mirror.
The west is the position of mirror from lara position looking the room in ngle.

MIR_FLOOR
The mirror will be over floor of InFront room.

MIR_CEILING
Mirror on the ceiling of InFront room.
Remark: if you wish use a ceiling mirror it's advisable to use a room very low, otherwise lara will be not able to look other lara on the ceiling.

MIR_INVERSE_WEST
Inverse west is an horizontal mirror on the west side of InFront room, like the MIR_WEST_WALL but in inverse mirror lara and other object will be inverted like in an old level of tomb raider 1.

Animating array (+ FMIR_ flags) fields
--------------------------------------
From this field you can set one (zero) or more indices of animating present in InFrontRoom.
Using this array you get that the engine will replace all your animating in correct position and orientation in hidden room to simulate their mirror image in according with mirror type.

You can add to the index of the animating one or more FMIR_ flags.
These flags allow to adjust the reflex or the coordinates when the  pivot is not at the center of the object.
Read the FMIR_ constants in the MNEMONIC CONSTANTS section of the Reference panel for more infos.

Note you have to place a couple of animating: main animating you place in wished position in InFront room, and the clone of this animating you place in hidden room.
It's not necessary you place the clone animating in correct position but it's useful you place in same line (vertical or horizontal, in according with mirror type) to permit to engine to find the right clone for each main animating.
Pratically:
If you are using a vertical mirror, you have to place main animating in InFront room where you wish and with wished orienting.
Then you'll have to place another animating of same type in hidden room, in this situation it's important only you care to place the clone animating in same vertical line (i.e. same sector in 2d visual) than main animating, while it's not important the height of clone animating or its orientating because these settings will be set by the engine in run-time.

For horizontal mirror (like MIR_WEST_WALL) the speech in only a bit different. You'll have to place the clone animating in same sector row where is main animating.
See help file to have more infos about correct position for clone animating.

Remarks:
* Theorically you can type also indices of other moveables in Animating array, in this circustance the moveable will be dynamically update.
Anyway to do work moveables like enemies you'll have to place them in hidden room while the trigger to enable them will be in InFront room where is also the trigger to enable enemy in front of room.

* You can find the room numbers to type in InFrontRoom and HiddenRoom field, in room list of NGLE, anyway remeber to choose always the littler number when the numbers in round squares are different.
For example, if you read this text for you hidden (or InFrontRoom):

Mirror Hall (34:30)

In above case the real room number is "30" and you must type this value in MirrorEffect command.





