Syntax: ImportFile= IdImport, PathFile, FileType (FTYPE_...) , ImportType (IMPORT_...)
Scope: To use in [Options] section
Max number of instances for level section: 199

With ImportFile command, you can insert in script.dat the binary image of any file.
You can have two advantages to use ImportFile:
* To have a fast starting of some files in game, like sounds. In this case you have to use a memory import to force TRNG to load directly in RAM memory your file
* To use script.dat like a container for some special files you would to be copied in some folder of target trle folder.
For example if you want have an "help" subfolder in trle folder with files like "start.htm" and some images, you can use the importfile in temporary mode to have this installation ad start of tomb4 program.

Arguments:

IdImport field
--------------
This progressive number will be used to locate this import slot. This location it's important when you use some new flipeffect to use your import file. For example if you import a file like "wagner.mp3" in memory mode you'll be able to play this audio file using flipeffect "Sound (CD) Play <&>imported file ..." and as "imported file" you should select the IDImport number.
Valid range for IDs: 1 / 1999

PathFile field
--------------
The path where find the file to import.

You cann't use absolute path like "c:\trle\audio\003.wav".
The path has to be always a relative path, using as root the current TRLE folder.
For example if you want import the wav file 003.wav, located in AUDIO folder, you'll type a path like this:

Audio\003.wav

Other example, if you want import the load.bmp file in TRLE folder, you type like path:

load.bmp

Remark: if you import the file in temporary mode (IMPORT_TEMPORARY value) the file will be exported (extracted) at first start of tomb4.exe, and the file will be written in some relative path you typed in script.txt.
This speech it's important when you place some of this files in sub-folders with non-standard names. 
For example, if you create on your trle (used for level developping) the subfolder "Mp3" and you import a file from this subfolder in this way:

ImportFile=1, mp3\bach.mp3, FTYPE_SOUND, IMPORT_TEMPORARY 

Above command will work in importing phase but it should be an error, because when trng will export the file, it will be extracted , creating the subfolder "mp3" and then copying the file with name "bach.mp3"
The problem is that the trng is not able to read audio tracks from folders different than AUDIO subfolders.
To avoid this problem you have two chances:

* Place always your sound files to import, in AUDIO folder of trle, toghether with other common adpmc wav files.

or...

* Import the file using a memory import.
In fact, when you import a file in IMPORT_MEMORY mode, it's not important the further folder name, since this file will be never really exported. The files imported in memory, will be loaded in their binary image, and they will be played directly from memory.
Pratically, in this case, the path name will be used only in importing phase, but the name will be ignored when the game will be played on target computer.


FileType (FTYPE_...) field
---------------------------
You can type a FTYPE_ value to inform TRNG the nature of this file.
Currently there only two values, but others will be added in future.

Read the descriptions for specific FTYPE_... values you find in MNEMONIC CONSTANTS list of Reference panel.

ImportType (IMPORT_...) field
-----------------------------
You can choose two import mode: IMPORT_MEMORY or IMPORT_TEMPORARY

IMPORT_MEMORY
-------------
In this case the file will be loaded direclty in memory at the begin of game.
The advantage is to start fastly this file, avoiding the latency necessary to access to hard disk to load a common disk file.
The difference it's visible when you start a CD track (like 104.wav) from disk, or from memory.
Reading the file from disk the game will be stopped for a short instant, while reading from memory (pre-load ad start from script.dat) the audio track will start immediatly with no slow-down.

Note: you can find any informations about this flag reading the description you find in MNEMONIC CONSTANT list in Reference panel.

IMPORT_TEMPORARY
----------------
In temporary mode the file will be stored in script.dat but it will be extracted on disk at start of the game.
This means  it will be used in game in traditional way: reading it from disk.
The advantage to use a file imported in temporary mode (rather than enclose the specific separated file) is that in this way you avoid to confuse the program Level Manager or some unexpert player in installation phase.
Files like .ogg will be ignored from level manager, and pheraps also from many beginners about level editor world.
Abotu the .mp3 files they will be handled from level manager but with the result they will be converted in .wav format, and pherpas this is not you want.
So, if you want play a sound file directly in .mp3 format, avoiding the automatic conversion in wav of TRLM, you can import this mp3 file, so level manager will be not able to see it in installation phase, but TRNG will export it in run-time, at start of game.

Note: you can find any informations about this flag reading the description you find in MNEMONIC CONSTANT list in Reference panel.

