All ENV_SUPPORT_... check for a support where lara could hang in wall in front (or back, left, right)
You can use this condition to start some animation where lara jumps and hang on wall in front of her, to verify if there is a wall with correct height in front of lara.
For example by default the game engine allows to lara to hang to a wall if this wall has an height in range between 4 click to 7 click.
If the wall is heigher (from 8 click respect to lara's feet) lara will be not able to hange with a up jump.
Well, if you want set same condition you have to insert in Distance for Env field this value:  $0174
For ENV_SUPPORT condition the distance env is a bit complex.
The values you have to set are:
The min height acceptable (4 click in our example)
The max height acceptable (7 click in our example)
The minimum space present over the support to place lara hands (1 click)

The he formula is:  MinHeight + MaxHeight*16 + ClickSPace * 256
In decimal this value is misterious: 4 + 7 * 16 + 1*256 = 372
Anyway if you type in in hexadecimal format is more easy understand the position of each sub-field: 372 decimal = $174  in hexadecimal.
I.e. in hexadecimal the digits are:

$0BCA

where:
'A' is click of minimum height required
'B' is click of minimum height acceptable
'C' is number of click of space over the support

About hexadecimal notions remember the numbers, usign a single digit, have following sequence:
0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, A (10 decimal), B (11 decimal), C (12 decimal), D (13 decimal), E (14 decimal) and F (15 decimal)
In this way you can set number of click between 0 and 15 click for each sub-field of Distance for env.

Another sample we could do, it's that to verify if, while lara is hang to support, she has enough space to move up over the new floor.
For this target we'll use a distance like $333 because:

3 click for min and max height, because the support has to be in a specific position, where are the hands of lara.
The value 3 is the distance from feet of lara, about 3 clicks
The last "3", for space, is the space necessary to host lara in stand up position.
In this way above condition will be  true only if the height of space over the support where lara hanged is at least 3 click of heigth.
