Used in Customize= command.
Syntax: Customize=CUST_SET_STILL_COLLISION, Collision Flags (COLL_...), LowerHeight, MoveableArray

This customize allows to enable a still collision method when Lara touches static or moveable items.

Remark: some people calls the "still" collision as "hard" collision.

By default, Lara, when she touches some item, continues to move legs and arms. This behavior is different than that you see when Lara touches a wall, where she stop her immediatly.
Using CUST_SET_STILL_COLLISION customize, you can give to item collision same behavior you see in wall collision.

CollisionFlags (COLL_....) field
--------------------------------
In this field you can type, one, two or more COLL_ flags to enable the still collision with different types of items.

See the descriptions of COLL_.. constants in MNEMONIC CONSTANTS section of Reference panel.

LowerHeight field
-----------------
In this field you can type the lower (acceptable) hight that an item may have to enable the still collision.
Theorically you can also type 0 in this field, and in this way all selected items will enable the still collision.

Anyway you should think about this little problem: when lara touches a very little (low) item with her feet, like an one-click height item, it should be weird see her stopped immediatly like wheter that little item was an unpassable obstacle.
In this situation pheraps it's better let the old "sliding" collision, used with items.
The reason of above speech, is that, when a little (low) obstacle is a moved up floor (like a little wall) lara could be able to walk over it, while with statics and moveables this is not possible, therefore we have our problem about the realism to solve.

If you type IGNORE in this field, it will be used the (reasonable) value of 300 units as lower acceptable height.

Remark: Remember the units used in this field have these references: one click = 256 units, one sector = 1024 units.

MoveableArray field
-------------------
From this field you can type one or more moveable slot using the still collision.
You can also let empty this field, of course.

Remember that you can select different moveable class using some COLL_ flag, so my suggeston is to use these COLL_ flags and only when you find some moveable not enclosed in COLL_ flags you should use the MoveableArray.

For example if you want having still collision also with the moveable POLEROPE and with the ROLLINGBALL, you type a customize command like this:

Customize=CUST_SET_STILL_COLLISION, COLL_STATICS+COLL_DOORS, IGNORE, POLEROPE, ROLLINGBALL

In this way, other to have still collision with statics and doors, you'll have still collision also with pole rope and rollingball.

Another interesting usage of MoveableArray  array, is when you want exclude some moveable from still collision.
This trick will have a sense only when you had typed some COLL_ moveable types, of course.

For example, we suppose you enabled the still collision for all doors (COLL_DOORS) but you discovered that there is some problem with a door you used for a "race vs time". In this situation when lara touches the door while it is closing, lara froze immediatly.
Since you are a good boy, you want let to the player the chance to "slide" over the closing door and for this reason, you disable the still collision only for that type of door, preserving the other doors.

In this case you have to type the number of slot to exclude as a negative number.

For example if you want exclude the DOOR_TYPE4 with slot number 325, you can type this script command:

Customize=CUST_SET_STILL_COLLISION, COLL_STATICS+COLL_DOORS, IGNORE, -325

Remark: it's better don't use the syntax "-DOOR_TYPE4" because the mixing of mnemonic constant and aritmetic sign "-" minus, could confuse NG_Center in some circustances.
