Remark: you can compute the ocb value for this object using the OCB Calculator you find in Tools2 panel of NG_Center program. Using that tool is very easy compute the correct OCB value.

Number of Fish
--------------
The main value to set in OCB field is the number of fish.
You can type a number between 1 and 127.
Try don't exagerate about the number of fish. Remember that the max number of fish for whole level is 128 and in this quantity there will be also the little beetles you mean use, since the fish are a trng news builded using some resources of little beetles particles.
You can fill a wide water zone with only 16 or 32 fish, in particular way when you use individual fish instead of a fish shoal.

Remarks: 

* If you let 0 in OCB field the trng engine will use the setting for 8 fish in a shoal that will try to attack Lara.

* The fish differenlty by locusts or beetles are able to recognize the box sectors.
With box sectors you can forbid the access to some zone in the water or you can use them to identify the presence of some static or moveable.
In fact, you should remember that the particles don't check for collision with static or moveables but only with floor, walls and ceiling. So if you place in the water some object like an old ship and you don't wish that the fish across it, you can place box sectors below the ship and in this way the fish will go around it instead acrossing it.

Slow Fish (128)
---------------
You can add the value 128 to force the fish to move slowly.
By default the fish have a good speed because they born to fill wide water zones, anyway this setting is very useful when you use these fish in a little space like a little pool or an acquarium.
See also the acquarium in Fish and Pirahna demo.

Friend Fish (256)
-----------------
By default the fish are predactor and they will try to kill lara but you can also disable the attack on lara to get some nice little fish for decorative usage.
When you add the value 256 to OCB the fish will not attack or heart lara in any way.

Individual Fish (512)
---------------------
By default the fish move in shoal like in tomb raider 3 adventure.
When the fish are in a shoal they will try to remain in same little space closed to pivot fish (the boss of the shoal).
Threre are advantage using the shoal, for example with aggresive fish so to let a chance to lara to dive in water only when the fish shoal is very far. Anyway if your target is to populate a wide water zone then it's better disable the shoal to get that the fish will be distributed in wide spaces.

Fish Type
---------
Differently by Tomb Raider 3, where all fish have always the same look, with the trng Fish Emitter  you can choose between four different fish:

Pirahna fish (+ 1024)
Clown fish (+2048)
Butterfly Fish (+4096)
Angel Fish (+8192)

Please, don't confuse the "fish type" with the aggresive behavior of the fish.
For example you can have some friendly pirahna or some aggressive Clown fish.
The fish type set only the look of the fish and not its behavior.

Remark: you can add two or more fish type in same fish emitter. When this happens the fish emitter will generate fish of different types in equal quantity.
For example if you type as ocb = 2048 + 8192 + 8 = (Clown Fish + Angel Fish + 8 fish) = 10248
The fish emitter will generate 4 clown fish and 4 angel fish.

Jump Fish (16384)
-----------------
You can allow to the fish to jump out of the water in random way.
If you use this setting you should take care to avoid that some fish jumping out of the water ending its jump on the ground, because when this happens the fish will die.
To avoid this risk you could build an high border around the water, with an height of at least one sector (4 clicks).
Anyway another method is to build a water room with a soft slope to get that, around the beaches, there is only water very low, less than 2 click. This trick could work fine because the code for the jump forbid to the fish to jump out when the water (where they are in that moment) had an height less than 2 click. So if the depth water is only very far from the beach is very improbable that the fish will be able to reach with a single jump the (far) gound.

Remark: if you check the "Fish and Pirahna" demo, you'll see that the tropical fish at start of the level jump a bit too often. This happens when there is some side with water enough depth to enable the jumping (two clicks or more) but the middle height of the water is very low. This was the situation of coastal level used in demo level. Anyway if you create a depther water the fish will jump only in seldom circustance and not so often like in that demo, this happens because the jump begins only when the fish is closed (about one click) to water surface, but when the water is very depth, the fish very often will be in too depth waters to jump out.

Timid Fish (32768)
------------------
When you use Friend Fish setting, you could add also the Timid Fish to simulate that when lara is too closed to some fish, it was afraid and will escape away.
It's not advisable using this setting in little water room but only in wide spaces.


