Used in TriggerGroup command
Using this flag you ovverride the original item index of the exported action trigger, with the index of last item that lara used (or she is using) in interactive mode.

For example the index could be one of following moveables:
Vehicles, rope, polerope, switch 1/2/3, pushable objects, rollingball (with pusing features), parallel bar, elevator, keypad.

Remark: for technical reasons this index remains valid also when lara stopped to use it. For example when lara drives the jeep, the index of jeep becomes the item_used_by_lara and when lara goes off from jeep it remains valid until lara doesnt' use another interactive item, like switch, elevator, parallel bar ect.
For above reason you should use this exported script ONLY calling it from an animcommand in a specific lara animation that interactes with that specific item.

Example:

You wish add a fire to parallel bar only when lara is using it.
To perform above target you should:

1) Type in script text an AddEffect with data compatible with the moveable parallel bar
2) Export in script mode an action trigger to enable the above addeffect. Note that in this trigger it's not important the moveable you use for it since it will be override from our TGROUP_USE_ITEM_USED_BY_LARA_INDEX flag.
3) Type the data of exported action trigger in the script and add to its first value the TGROUP_USE_ITEM_USED_BY_LARA_INDEX flag
4) Now export, as animcommand, a trigger to perform # trigger group, using the id of our triggergroup to add the fire effect
5) Type the data of this animcommand in some frame of some lara animation used to roll around the parallel bar.

In this way when lara will begin to use a parallel bar, that bar (and only that) it will be fired.
The you could use another action trigger to finish the fire effect with same method just showed but in this case we'll insert the animcommand in a frame of an animation where lara is going off from the parallel bar.

With this method you can add effect or perform action triggers on all objects used  by lara with interesting effects.
