Used in Customize=CUST_BAR command.
The Custom bar is different by other health, dash, air  bars, because in this case there is no predefined target for it.
This is a free bar you can use for you new skills.
In the Customize= command you set the size and colors like for other bars, the only difference is that in (final) extra field you have to type a Variable Placefolder to identify the value used by your custom bar.
For example if you want the bar shows the value of Local Byte Delta1 variable you'll type as Extra field the value #0048 (see Variable placefolder list in Reference panel of NG_Center) and everytime you'll show the bar with some flipeffect the value used will be get by Local Byte Delta1.
When you want clear the custom bar just you set 0 in Local Byte Delta1, ect.
The custom bars have the full value with 100 and the empty value with 0, anyway using variables you can modify the source value to get correct values.
For example, if you have your original value that could be in the range 0 - 1000 (that is different by default range 0 - 100) just you divide your original value by 10 before showing the bar.
When you need of this pre-compute it's better don't set as variable for custom bar the your real variable but another variable, like Current Value variable, and then you'll perform the compute and you copy the result in Current Value and then you show the bar.
Using the flipeffects for variables it's easy adjust your source value with 0 - 100 range. Another example could be if you want have an inverse bar, where the bar if fully filled when the value is 0 and it is empty when the value is 100.
In this case the compute to perform will be: 100 - {My original value} = {value to put in bar variable).
Remarks:
- If you want add a text to describe the mean of your custom bar you have to use the flag FBAR_SHOW_BAR_NAME. See the description of this flag for more inos.
- Once you showed your custom bar, it's not necessary peform another show bar flipeffect everytime you update the bar value, just simply you change the bar variable and the bar will show new updated value byself.
