Used by Organizer command.
This flag changes drammatically the operative mode of current organizer to work in according with the demo.pak whom index you set in Parameter field of Organizer= script command.

A demo organizer will be used to perform some triggers in precises frame of linked demo.pak while it'is playing (or recording).
The target is to create a cutscene.

The main differences of demo organizer are:

- The FO_ENABLED flag, will be ignored. The organiser will be enabled when the demo (whom id has been typed in Paramter field of organizer) has been started. It will be the demo to start byself the organizer and never viceversa.

- The FO_LOOP flag will be ignored. 

- The FO_TICK_TIME flag will be ignored, anyway a demo organizer works always in tick frames (and never seconds) but the way to type the tick frames is now different (see next paragraph)

- The "time" field of time/triggergroup pair array, now works not like distance-time from previous trigger, like it happened in common organizer, but now it works as absolute frame from beginning of the demo.
For instance if you have a demo with a length of 100 seconds for 3000 frames, if you wish perform a trigger at first frame and another to last frame you'll type the time/trigger array with following values:

0, 1, 3000, 2

Where in above example we'll perform triggergroup 1 at start, and triggergroup 2 at end of the demo.

Note: remember that you can discover the precise frame in a demo enabling the diagnostic for demo recording with the  

Diagnostic= ENABLED
DiagnosticType= IGNORE, EDGX_RECORDING_DEMO

script commands.
And in game, when you play a demo you can put in pause it and read the current frame keeping down the F8 key.

Remarks: 
- If you think to launch a common organizer in same moment you perform a demo the result could be leak, because the demo works also in inventory and all paused menu, changing its itnernal frame counter, while the common organizer are frozen while there is inventory. 
Other to this difference, the frame counter used by common organizer is into the draw frame cycle, while that of a demo organizer is into the read-input cycle. In some cirucstances these two cycles have a different frame amount. For above reason you cann't syncronize very fine a common organizser with a demo.

- Theorically the last valid frame index inside a demo is given to AmountOfFrames - 1, so in above example it should be 2999 and not 3000. Anyway is acceptable also using the total amount of frames. The difference between Amount-1 and Amount is very lite, the frame in game it's the same, but the Amount-1 frame is yet in demo-playing mode, while the Amoun frame index is the first frame after the quitting of current demo. This difference it's meaningful only in the case of condtion triggers working on “demo is playing” status.