Used as first value in Parameters script command. You can set the values used to move a moveable or a static using the specific "Move."  flipeffect.

Syntax: Paramaters=PARAM_MOVE_ITEM, IdParamList, Flags (FMOV_...), IndexItem, Direction (DIR_...), Distance, Speed, MovingSound, FinalSound, Extra

Note: from 1.2.2.7 version it has been added a new set of DIR_ values and FMOV_ flags. The main target of these improvement was to add non constant speed and gravity simulation to movements.
The old DIR_ values and FMOV_ flags should work as in the past, anyway the FMOV_INFINITE_LOOP flag has different operative modes in accoding with DIR_ values, now. So read the new description of FMOV_INFINITE_LOOP flag for more infos.
With 1.2.2.7 version has been added a new field named "Extra" at end of other old fields.

Field descriptions:

IdParamList field
-----------------
This is a progressive number to identify this "Parameters=PARAM_MOVE_ITEM" command script in trigger window of ngle. 
You'll type 1, for your first PARAM_MOVE_ITEM command, 2 for second ect.

Flags (FMOV_...) field
----------------------
You can set one or more FMOV_ values linked with + (plus) sign
See description in Reference panel to get description of different FMOV_ flags.
Remark: you can type IGNORE in this field if you don't wish use any flag.

IndexItem field
---------------
This is the index you can read in yellow frame when you click over some item in NGLE program.
Remark: you can use static or moveable anyway you have to use the correct flipeffect in according with static or moveable nature of item.
About static remember the static are owned from its room and for this reason you should avoid to move a static other to bounds of its room. 

Direction (DIR_...) field
-------------------------
You have to choose one DIR_ constant to set the direction of moving.
See the DIR_ list in reference panel of NGCenter program, you find it in _MNEMONIC CONSTANTS section.

Note: from 1.2.2.7 version it has been added some FMOV_ constants to simulate different kinds of gravity. It's not suggested mixing the DIR_UP or DIR_DOWN direction with a FMOV_ flag for gravity because the result will be the overlapping of two different computation on same Y coordinate. If you are non satisfacted by this mixing and you wish only have a DIR_DOWN for the falling of an item, there are two possible solutions:

- Use the DIR_DOWN direction but setting 0 as Speed field. In this way it will be only the gravity you choose to affect the movement of the item.
- Use some horizontal direction (east, west, north, south or forward) but with a very short Distance field. In this way the item, ohter to fall down for the gravity you chose, it will move a bit in the direction you chose. In this case remember to set also the FMOV_WAIT_STAND_ON_FLOOR flag to force the movement will be completed only when the item reached the floor.


Distance field
--------------
In this field you set the distance of moving. The used units have as reference 1 sector = 1024, hence, 512 is half-sector, 256 is a click ect.
I suggest to use always multiple of 256 (one click) to avoid troubles.
The max value you can type for distance is 64512, corresponding to 63 sectors.

Speed field
-----------
The speed value is the number of units that will be added to current position to move the item.
The used units are the same of Distance field: 1 click = 256 units.
Remember that this speed will be added 30 times for second, so it's better don't exagerate to set big values as speed. A reasonable speed is enclosed in the range  from 8  to 64.
Remark: It's advisable set as speed a value that is a perfect multiple of distance, otherwise there will be a bit error in compute of final distance.

Note: From 1.2.2.7 version in the higher byte of Speed field you can set an extra value that to change the preset values for gravity when you added a FMOV_ flag for gravity.
The compute to type two values in same field is given by following formula:

ChangeVSpeed * 256 + Speed

The changeVSpeed is percentage value to increase or decrease the value of gravity. If you use 100 the gravity will be the same of preset values for that kind of gravity. If you set 50 the speed will be the half, while if you type 200 the gravity will be doubled.
In the case you do not set any value as ChangeVSpeed (i.e 0*256 +Speed), trng will see the zero value as IGNORE and therefor like it was 100 (no changes about gravity)

Moving sound field
------------------
Optional. If you wish it went played a sound effect in looped mode while the item is moving type here a number of sound effect.
You find the list of sound effect in reference panel of NG Center, in the section named "SOUND SFX indices list"
Remark: if you don't wish any sound type IGNORE in this field.

Final sound field
-----------------
Optional. If you wish it went played a sound effect when the item reaches the final position, type here a number of sound effect.
You find the list of sound effect in reference panel of NG Center, in the section named "SOUND SFX indices list"
Remark: if you don't wish any sound type IGNORE in this field.

Extra field
-----------
This field has been added from 1.2.2.7 version and it is a general purpose parameter.
See description of FMOV_ flags and DIR_ values to discover how to use the Extra field.