This flag changes fully the working mode of Animation command.
When you add this flag the value you typed in first field of Animation command, i.e. the field named "AnimIndex", will be seen as an IdTriggerGroup to perform when all conditions set in Animation command are true.
This means you could start you custom animation typing in a triggergroup a flipeffect to start a specific animation of lara, adding in same triggergroup also many other effects, and then to use an Animation command to start the trigger group when player hit correct key and all conditions are true.
In many circustances, other to perform a custom animation, you wish also to perform some special effect to change somewhat in game, in this way you add new skills for lara. 
A way to realize this target is to create a custom animation where you set in some frame a NG AnimCommand to perform these "special effects" (i.e. exported triggers to perform somewhat). When animation command start  your custom animation, the NG Anim command of custom animation will be performed and it could perform many changes in game.
Well, using the FAN_PERFORM_TRIGGER_GROUP flag you can get same result but in a different way.
You can create a trigger group with many exported triggers to change some situation in game, and then, in same trigger group, to have also a flipeffect to perform the wished custom animation.
The difference between two above methods is that, using the triggergroup method, you can perform somewhat before the animation will be started, while with NGAnimCommand in custom animation, these effects could be done only while the custom animation has been started.
Remark:
Theorically you could don't add any "perform animation" flipeffect in the TriggerGroup, in this way you'll use the Animation command to perform some operations when player hits some keystrokes.
Anyway you follow this method remember to find a way to avoid the triggergroup was continuously performed a lot of times untile the conditions are true.
TRNG engine uses as method to avoid multiple performing, to disable temporary this Animation/Triggergrop until the key used to perform it first time, remains yet down, but it should be better if you place some trigger in TriggerGroup to change some condition to avoid the furhter repetitions of this triggergroup.