From 1.2.2.4 version of TRNG dll are available the following OCBs for all BRIDGE objects.

Tilt Grade (0 / 63)
-------------------
The tilt grade is the level of slope for current bridge.
It is the number of click about the difference between the two opposite sides in the direction of the slope.
For example: 0 = flat (no slope), 1 = one click between the opposite sides, 4 = one sector (4 clicks) between the two sides, ect.

Note: the Tilt Grade works only for the BRIDGE_CUSTOM object, while for other BRIDGE objects the tile factor is implicite in their name: BRIDGE_FLAT = Tilt0, BRIDGE_TILT2 = Tilt2

Enable Hanging (64)
-------------------
The ability of Lara to hang over edges of the borders of the fragmented trigger zones is not good. She will be frozen and in some dynamic action she will be throwed over the footbridge with a rough movement.
To avoid all these problems the hanging features have been disabled for all bridge objects.
Anyway if you wish enable newly it for some bridge, just you add the 64 value in its OCB field.
I suggest to perform this adding only for common squared bridges (no conditional triggers) or with bridges where one or two sides are the same of game sector grid, in the hoping that the player didn't try to hang in other opposite sides. (You should forbid this using some game planning trick)

Disable sliding (128)
----------------------
By default when the tilt grade is above than 2 (from 3 to infinite), Lara will slip (slide) over that game sector.
With the bridges you can disable the sliding for any tilt grade, in spite in some circustances it could seem unrealistic.
Pratically you could use this ocb only with BRIDGE_TILT3, BRIDGE_TILT4 or BRIDGE_CUSTOM with a tilt grande >= 3
When you use this ocb lara will be able to walk normally on this sloped bridge.
I suggest to use this feature only when there is a visible reason to do, like for the staircase, where an inclination of 45 degress (tilt 4 factor) is normal, and the persons (like lara) will be able to walk over.

Depth of the Bridge (1/255 multiplied by 256)
---------------------------------------------
The depth of the bridge is important because it has the role to simulate the new ceiling when lara is belove of it, other to creare a wall with height between the up surface of the bridge and the down surface, set by depth.

By default (if you type 0 as depth) the depth is one click, like it was in old level editor.
Now you can set also values lower than one click, since the units for depth are 1/16 of game sector. This means that one click is 4 units.
In this way you can have very slim bridges, a nice chance for hanging footbridges, but also a very depth bridge, useful to simulate the collision of some big static objects placed on the floor, avoidin that lara was able to pass down of them.

