OCB 1 or OCB 2 
--------------
If you place 1 or 2 in OCB of Hydra you'll work with a pair (a couple) of  Hydra objects.
In this situation you should place both hydra in same sector, setting in first object the OCB = 1, while in other object set OCB = 2.
In game the two Hydra will be (a bit) moved, to stay on two opposite corners of same side.
Another feature of hydra's couple is that both hydras will be inclinated a bit in opposite way to create a sort of "V" letter.

Remarks: 

* When you work with couple of Hydras you cann't chose the facing, since the engine will force the starting facing to South (in ngle view).

* If you omit 2 and 1 in OCB, the Hydra will work like single object and it will keep the facing and position set in the project.

OCBs for Missile type
---------------------
The Missile should be the energize ball shot by Hydra to hit Lara.

You can choose only a single of following values, and then you'll add it to (further) "1" or "2" for couple setting.

0 OCB (Missile 0)
If you don't add meaninful values for Missile Type, you chose the first missile type.
Missile 0, is an energic ball of green color. It creates a little damage to Lara. (shockwave)

256 OCB (Missile 1)
Green Energize ball, but this will burn Lara.

512 OCB (Missile 2)
Yellow Energize ball. Little damage

768 OCB (Missile 3)
Azure Energize ball. Little damage. This ball curve a bit to reach Lara.

1024 OCB (Missile 4). 
Azure Energize ball. Almost the same of 768 ocb, but in this case the ball doesn't curve.

1280 OCB (Missile 5)
Yellow Ball, little damage.

1536 OCB (Missile 6)
Fire Ball. It burns Lara

1792 OCB (Random Missile type)
If you set 1792 like missile type, the engine will choose in random way the missile type. 
This means that, in same life time of same Hydra, it could shot different kind of missiles.
The player will be able to recognize the most dangerous balls for their color or layout: the Missile 1 (green color) and the Missile 6 (fire ball).

Other OCB settings
------------------

2048 OCB (Disable Fire)
The hydra, before shooting an energize ball, shows a little fire.
This fire is not very beauty to see, because it will be showed in a weird position of Hydra's body, anyway it could be useful for player to understand when the shot is coming soon.
If you add the value 2048 to OCB, the little fire will be no more showed.

4096 OCB (Disable Missile)
If you add the 4096 value to OCB, the hydra will no more shot energize or fire balls.
Also with this limitation the Hydra will be able to hurth lara usign its big beak.



